Me, me! Pick me!
Me, me! I know it!
Let's ask… Hana!
Yes, ma'am!
I'm so glad we asked Shin and Lu
to mind the store today.
I wonder how they're doing.
They're fine… Probably.
SAKAMOTO'S
Hey, Lu!
Stop wearing my apron for dirty tasks!
You make a fuss over everything!
You wash the windows, then!
No way!
Let me be clear.
While Mr. Sakamoto and Ms. Aoi are out,
I'm the one in charge of this place.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
Shin is like a little kid sometimes…
Anything you want to say to me,
say it to my face, Lu.
You know I can hear it anyway.
I still have freedom of thought.
You're the one
reading my mind without permission.
Yo, got any pork buns you're throwing out?
I'd be happy to help.
Who reads people's minds anyway?
That's totally perverted!
You dumb blond, mind-stalking creep!
Shut up, you apron-stealing drunk!
How could I ever be comfortable around you
knowing you're reading my mind?!
Is that how it is?
Sorry about that.
Hey, shouldn't you stop him?
Who cares?
Mind if I eat these?
You get out of here too.
So annoying.
I've never seen Shin like that…
Back already, huh?
Fine, I'll let you apologize…
SHIN
It's him.
You're coming with us.
JURASSIC BASTARD
Man, what a surprise!
A subject that disappeared from the Lab
11 years ago,
living carefree, in a town like this?
Dyed his hair and everything too.
Hey, Mr. Tanaka,
I don't know how to tell you this, but…
What is it, Seba?
I think we have the wrong person.
Of course it's him!
The nametag says "Shin," plain and simple!
I'll kill you, you little shit!
M'kay, sorry.
Why are we kidnapping the brat anyway?
I don't know the whole story,
but remember how the Lab
used to do experiments to create psychics?
He's the only subject it worked on.
Apparently, he can really read minds.
Talk about creepy, huh?
Your every thought being read at any time?
Who would want to be near someone
that could do that?
I bet no one likes him,
and no one ever will.
What a miserable loser. Ha ha ha!
Mr. Tanaka!
How dare you.
Shin might be dumb and picky and immature,
but he's a much better person than you!
What's wrong with being different
in the first place?
There's nothing miserable about that!
Wait a minute.
What's your name?
Me? I'm Lu Shaotang.
What?
See? I told you so.
You seriously need to listen to people,
Mr. Tanaka.
Oh, well.
I guess I gotta be the bigger man here.
All right, Lu. I'll let you apologize…
Huh? Is she slacking off again?
We're back!
Mr. Sakamoto…
What's going on?
Then, when I got back, Lu was gone.
I'm sorry, sir. This is all my fault!
She's on the highway, heading southwest.
What? Mr. Sakamoto, how do you--
SHIN
The name tag has a GPS in it.
You morons!
They're definitely gonna kill us for this!
Bet.
Get us off this highway now, you slowpoke!
The next exit isn't for 15 kilometers.
Damn it! This is why I hate fieldwork.
I know. Maybe we can pretend
that that's Shin.
We tell them he lost his psychic ability.
They'll notice she's a girl, though.
Crap!
Stupid me.
This is karma
for saying something so mean to Shin.
How could I ever
be comfortable around you?!
I didn't mean that at all.
I wish I could've said sorry…
We'd like our pork bun chef back now.
Shin! Mr. Manager!
What? Is that the real Shin?
It is! It's the kid from the photo, Seba!
Congrats.
We can go back to the Lab
without fearing for our lives!
They're with the Lab?
Get 'em, guys!
Hey there, fatty. Time for a nap!
What?!
Hey, mind if I use some of these?
Sure! As many as you like!
Damn it! You little…
Wow! You guys shooting a movie?
Sure.
Who are those guys? They're insane!
Wait, we lost all of them?
It seems like it.
You'd better stop this!
Apologize before things get worse.
Shut it back there!
If we go back empty-handed,
what'll happen then is so much worse…
You're no exception.
If they don't need you…
Lu, are you all right? Lu!
Seba! Help, Seba!
Fine, I'll do it. Take the wheel for me.
I'd better get paid extra for this.
You want a fight? Okay.
I'm counting on you, Seba!
Yeah, yeah.
Having an incompetent boss
is a lot of work.
Careful, Mr. Sakamoto!
Impressive. You're pretty sharp, huh?
Whoa, scary dude.
Please let me go.
Mr. Sakamoto!
I get why he's "the legendary hit man."
I thought I'd die out there.
Hey, did you get Shin?
Oh yeah, I forgot about that.
Come on, Seba!
Damn it.
Losing the motorbike is a tough blow.
The GPS has stopped at Okutabi.
Who are those men?
I believe they're with the Lab.
The Lab?
Yes.
It's an unauthorized research facility,
and it's where I grew up.
The thing is,
they were a group of weirdos,
but they weren't dangerous like that.
I wonder what happened…
In any case,
we're going to go get Lu back.
So this is the Lab.
Yes. This is a facade they use to hide it.
The Lab is in the basement.
How about we pay a visit
to your childhood home?
Let's do it.
It's pretty crowded.
They operate a normal museum
as their business front.
Hello there!
Welcome to Okutabi Science Museum,
a learning hub for nature and science!
Would you like a souvenir photo?
No, we're in a bit of a hurry.
Come on, what's the harm?
We don't care for photos.
It'll only take a second!
No thank you!
All right, dinosaur poses, please!
Say "roar"!
You can purchase big prints for 4,900 yen.
I'll take one, please.
LIKED IT
This is perfect for hiding our faces.
Soft to the touch too.
This way.
There's a secret passage to the Lab
in the annex building.
I should come again with my family.
ORANGES
-Untie me!
-Keep it down!
What is this place?
Mr. Tanaka.
Yes, sir.
Is that the boy with telepathic abilities?
Yes…
The hair color and gender
seem to be different from the photo…
You know what happens
if you lie to the Reindeer, right?
I'll kill you.
Yes, sir.
What the… His hands and face
have stitches all over them.
How unsettling…
Uh, boss? May I?
Yes, Mr. Seba?
So, this one's a phony body double,
but I might know where the real one is.
Seba?!
APPLES
You son of a gun!
-Screw you, Seba!
-My butt hurts!
You must capture that boy.
We cannot disappoint him.
I'm counting on you, Mr. Seba.
M'kay, I'll see what I can do.
Let me see if I still remember.
I think we turn this clock to 8:20
then tilt that brown bear's head
90 degrees to the left…
I was right!
What an annoying contraption.
And O-ku-ta-bi.
Authentication failed.
What? They changed the password.
Error code 203. Possible intruder.
Initiate elimination.
First round, unsuccessful.
Continue to second round--
Mr. Sakamoto, have you ever fought
an actual bear?
I've been trained
in all types of animal combat.
Phase one, system down.
Initiating phase two.
The heck?!
Dinosaurs would be a first, though.
How can we possibly…
A moving dinosaur…
It's so cute!
I want to show Hana.
What?!
We want to take it alive, minimal damage.
What is wrong with you?
We gotta do something about that tail.
I see some kind of device in its head!
Maybe your electric gun can take it out
without damaging it!
Brilliant idea, Shin.
Brilliant?
Yes, it worked!
System rebooted.
Target engagement level, max.
Mr. Sakamoto!
His gun!
This is getting annoying.
Scrap the plan of taking it alive.
After all, the fact that they don't move
is what makes dinosaurs so fascinating.
Whatever you say, sir.
It's gone quiet.
What was that?
Could it have been the security system
at the entrance?
Hey, you shitty scientists!
Get back to work.
You have to let us rest.
We haven't slept in three days.
If you want to be freed,
get us those results!
You good-for-nothing scientists!
-Dr. Ishikawa!
Do you seriously think
this silly research could ever succeed?
"This silly research"?
You let your mouth run a little too much.
For your disrespect
toward the organization,
you'll die!
Hey.
I know it's been a while,
but what the heck's going on?
Shin!
It's Shin.
You came back?
I had some business here.
Where's the old man?
The director has been locked up
in the lowest floor.
The Lab has been taken over
by an assassin group.
An assassin group?
They appeared out of the blue,
about a year ago.
Nice to meet you all.
My name is Kashima. I'm a hit man.
We are looking to innovate
our means of assassination.
Guns and knives are things of the past.
We'd like to incorporate the newest tech
in killing too.
That's where we need the help
of your brilliant minds.
Kashima's the boss
who's at the center of everything.
There are a few other leaders,
then the henchmen in hazmat suits.
I had no idea…
Mr. Sakamoto, if we're going
to comb through this place to find Lu…
We'll probably have to fight them, yes.
What are you thinking?!
You two have to get out of here fast.
The leader in charge of this floor is--
Here he comes! Hide!
Hurry!
Don't just stand there!
I don't wanna be a guinea pig!
Please! At least let me out!
Stop whining already!
How mean. You barbaric woman.
What is that you've been doing anyway?
Isn't it obvious?
I'm breaking out of this cell!
Huh? Using that little rock?
You've got to be kidding me.
He's right, little lady.
You don't want to do that.
Who are you, old man?
I'm Asakura, the director of this place.
Could I interest you two
in a little prison break?
What's all the excitement over here?
We having some fun with an experiment?
LEADER, MAD HORIGUCHI
You have to let me join.
No, there's nothing.
Mind if I borrow your pen?
Liar.
That bastard!
I'm stuck…
One of my guys over there's passed out.
What're you kids hiding, hmm?
So? Who's gonna tell me?
Pens out, everyone!
See? I knew it.
Good reflexes for an old guy like you.
You idiot! Why did you come out?
No reason.
I don't like small spaces.
Shin…
Are you one of the leaders?
What if I am?
Are you going to get in our way?
That won't do!
This is some marvelous research
we're doing here!
Here, let me show you myself!
Shin!
All right! Time for a lovely experiment!
OW, THAT HURT!
YOU JERK!
WHAT?
Great, isn't it?
A switch that switches around your words.
I've embedded a needle in your head
that transmits a current,
messing up the signals in your brain.
WHAT THE HELL?
FIX THIS NOW!
Next, let's try… Oh?
Finally got out.
MR. SAKAMOTO!!
Huh? Looks like you're having fun.
DON'T MAKE FUN OF ME!!
Shin,
I don't know what happened in your past.
But do you want to save this place?
I DO…
Okay, then.
Time to clean up your childhood home.
YES, SIR!
I haven't taken a bus in ages.
My back hurts.
Mr. Shishiba, let's eat these.
Ah, your good-luck ritual.
Honestly, are we sure
this place has something to do with Slur?
Nagumo's not the most reliable chap,
is he?
Investigating that is part of our job.
Fair enough. Ready, Osaragi?
Yes.
Subtitle translation by: Yuka Kristi